Changed pentest process (#391)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/penetration-testing-policies.adoc

image:logo-server-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies#anypoint-platform-private-cloud-edition", title="Anypoint Platform PCE"]
image:logo-rtf-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies#anypoint-runtime-fabric", title="Runtime Fabric"]

If your company security policies require that you perform vulnerability and penetration testing 

> before deploying to Anypoint Platform, you must request a Security Assessment before proceeding 

Reviewer: GLOBAL re. style ref.:
```suggestion
before deploying to Anypoint Platform, request a Security Assessment before proceeding 
```

Reviewer: Question: "before deploying" or "before testing"? Sentence sounds a bit odd with these two different "before"s required....

with your testing on Anypoint Platform.

> Because these tests can interfere with other tenants, MuleSoft allows penetration testing on only your workers

Reviewer: Consider...:
```suggestion
Because penetration testing sometimes interferes with other tenants, only your workers are tested.
```

Author: Not quite right - MuleSoft doesn't do the testing.

> but not for other Anypoint Platform services.

Reviewer: See above.

== Prerequisites

> Before penetration testing, enable static IPs for the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before initiating penetration testing, enable static IPs for the app.
```

By default, CloudHub workers do not use static IP addresses, so you can't test them because their IP addresses might change.
For information about how to enable static IPs, see xref:deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc#static-ips-tab-settings[Static IPs Tab Settings].

== Request a Security Assessment 

> To request a Security Assessment, follow the steps in https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=000336416&type=1&mode=1[Salesforce Security vulnerability assessment and penetration test]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To request a Security Assessment, follow the steps in the https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=000336416&type=1&mode=1[Salesforce Security vulnerability assessment and penetration test]:
```

. https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=000322336&type=1&mode=1[Complete the Security Assessment submission form]. 
. Assign a security resource at your company to review and validate your findings.
+
[IMPORTANT]
You must complete this step before following up with Salesforce. 

> +

Reviewer: I wonder if we can combine these and omit the notice...:

```suggestion
. Before following up with Salesforce, assign a security resource at your company to review and validate your findings.
+
[IMPORTANT]
You must complete this step before following up with Salesforce. 
+
```

> Use the following documents to identify common false positives or security issues related to settings:

Reviewer: Is this tied to the notice; is this what your security resource should be doing, or something separate that you would do in addition to what that resource does? Also before contacting SF?

Reviewer: Please doublecheck that these statements, whether bulleted or not, are chronological.

To request an assessment >
complete the form >

assign internal resource to review the form? >

use these documents (to test your form findings? AFTER showing to internal resource?) >

send your form to SF (so, all the prev actions are supposed to precede following up with SF, not just assigning internal resource?) >

send separate vulnerability findings (so...are there TWO tests, one filling out the SF form and another using docs to test?) and include all those details? >

oh, and read up on how to send these findings besides that detailed list? >

and don't bother if you have a custom development process? >

and schedule an assessment?

This does not sound precisely chrono to me.
Seems we should start off saying you can't request a SF assessment if you have customized dev.

Then, if you qualify, follow the steps in that doc OR follow the steps here?

1. Get the form
2. Complete the form (does this involve testing or just environment statistics?)
3. Have an assigned rep check the form before sending to SF
x. ? Perform separate testing after completing and checking the form?
x. ?Send form one place, test results another?
last. Request an assessment.

Author: Went back to source and revised with corrected process.

+
--
** https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=Salesforce-Platform-Security-FAQs&type=1&language=en_US[Platform Security FAQ]
** https://help.salesforce.com[Salesforce Help]
--

. Send your completed Security Assessment form to mailto:securityassessment@salesforce.com[securityassessment@salesforce.com].

> . Send any outstanding security vulnerability findings to mailto:security@salesforce.com[security@salesforce.com] and include the following information in your email:

Reviewer: Outstanding security vulnerability findings are not documented in the SA form?
Why are these two things separate?
When did the audience perform all the steps required to obtain the info in this email message? As part of the SA form, or separately.

I think I am stumbling most on having two separate reporting channels: the SA form and then some very complicated-sounding tests, findings, independent assessments, tests to reproduce, explanations....

+
--
** Confirmation number for your Security Assessment approved by Salesforce
** Summary of all findings and associated severity level of each finding
** Detailed assessment report noting each finding
** Steps to reproduce the vulnerability
** All applicable HTTP requests and responses
** Explanation of why the example is considered a finding 

> For information on how to submit a security vulnerability finding, see the 

Reviewer: But isn't this what the previous list just detailed?

https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=000320207&type=1&mode=1[Security Vulnerability Finding Submittal Guide].

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: Needs to be said before all the details

image:logo-server-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies#anypoint-platform-private-cloud-edition", title="Anypoint Platform PCE"]
image:logo-rtf-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies#anypoint-runtime-fabric", title="Runtime Fabric"]

If your company security policies require that you perform vulnerability and penetration testing 

> against Anypoint Platform, request a Security Assessment before proceeding.

Reviewer: Why capitalize "security assessment"?

Author: It's how it appears in all those Salesforce KB articles

== Request a Security Assessment 

> To request a Security Assessment:

Reviewer: ditto; GLOBAL

> . Contact your Salesforce Account team to request the Security Assessment Request form and Security Assessment Agreement.

Reviewer: Here the init. caps. make more sense: the titles of the forms.
I'd think twice about Account team, however, even with Salesforce before it. 
Meh....

. Complete the request form and accept the agreement.
+

> For information about how to complete the request form, see the knowledge article https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=000322336&type=1&mode=1[Complete the Security Assessment submission form].

Reviewer: Really? They need instructions on how to fill out a form? Yikes.

. Send your completed Security Assessment form to mailto:securityassessment@salesforce.com[securityassessment@salesforce.com].
+
Your account representative contacts you when your Security Assessment request is approved.

== Run Penetration and Vulnerability Tests  

Because penetration testing could interfere with other tenants, MuleSoft allows penetration testing 

> on your workers but not other Anypoint Platform services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on your workers but not on other Anypoint Platform services.
```

=== Prerequisites

Before initiating penetration testing, enable static IPs for the app.

By default, CloudHub workers do not use static IP addresses, so you can't test them because their IP addresses might change.
For information about how to enable static IPs, see xref:deploying-to-cloudhub.adoc#static-ips-tab-settings[Static IPs Tab Settings].

> === Steps 

Reviewer: Nice...thank you for trying out the suggested format. I know it's inelegant, but I do believe that it will help writers to refocus and reorganize existing documentation while setting a new expectation for consistency and findability in our audiences.

After your Security Assessment request is approved, follow these steps:

. Run the penetration tests.
+
The Security Assessment Agreement includes restrictions and requirements for testing.

> . Assign a security resource at your company to review and validate findings from the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Assign a security resource at your company and have that person review and validate findings from the tests.
```

+
[IMPORTANT]

> You must complete this step before following up with Salesforce. 

Reviewer: The step of assigning a resource...or the missing step of having that person review and validate?
Hmm...let me add a word or two above....

> +

Reviewer: I wonder if we should make assigning a security resource a prerequisite and then having that person use the following docs to eval should be the step?

The Security Assessment Agreement includes restrictions and requirements for testing.

> . The security resource uses the following documents to identify common false positives or security issues related to settings:

Reviewer: teeny-weenie, to make this a user step, consider:
```suggestion
. Have your security resource use the following documents to identify common false positives or security issues related to settings:
```

--
** https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=Salesforce-Platform-Security-FAQs&type=1&language=en_US[Platform Security FAQ]
** https://help.salesforce.com[Salesforce Help]
--

. Send any outstanding security vulnerability findings to mailto:security@salesforce.com[security@salesforce.com].
+
--
For information about how to submit a security vulnerability finding, see the 
https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=000320207&type=1&mode=1[Security Vulnerability Finding Submittal Guide].

> 

Reviewer: So, I'm feeling a little uncomfortable about how much this task relies on some smaller subtasks, like having the resource person check the results, and the resources required for that, and details about the information that needs submitting in the email to Security. 
Also the need for the notices, which COULD be plain text but I guess not if these are common problems with users....

Include the following information in your email:

** Confirmation number for your Security Assessment approved by Salesforce
** Summary of all findings and associated severity level of each finding
** Detailed assessment report noting each finding
** Steps to reproduce the vulnerability
** All applicable HTTP requests and responses
** Explanation of why the example is considered a finding 

[NOTE]
Salesforce does not address any vulnerabilities found with custom development.
You must validate and fix any findings with your custom development.
--

== See Also

> * https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=000336416&type=1&mode=1[Salesforce Security vulnerability assessment and penetration test]

Reviewer: Is this a title; should it be in init. caps.?

Author: Nope

Author: Sentence case in the target article.
